Docs: Fix typo (#20225)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/concepts/research-papers.mdx

## Mysticeti: Reaching the Limits of Latency with Uncertified DAGs {#mysticeti}

- **Link:** https://arxiv.org/pdf/2310.14821

> - **Publication:** Network and Distributed System Security Symposium (NDSS), 2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Publication:** Network and Distributed System Security Symposium (NDSS), accepted for 2025
```
